[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, I'm Emery Smith.
And on today's program, we
have a very special guest.
His name is David Adair.
David, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> Well, today, we're going
to be talking about the catch
and release programs, such as
the ones Betty and Barney Hill
went through, and also other
friends of yours that you may
know of.
>> Yeah, there's-- golly, I know
more about this than I really
want to know.
>> Right.
>> Normally I've heard from
groups that when people have
encounter with Grays,
mostly positive,
and there's some interaction,
and that's pretty much it.
The one that I
really know about,
the person who went
through it, is close to me.
So I know the story is true, and
I was around when it occurred.
And it was anything
but positive.
It was really, really negative.
But the effects were profound.
>> Where did the encounter take
place, and how old were they?
>> Let's see.
He was 13.
And it took place in North
Carolina and out in a field.
So it was isolated
and the perfect place
for a close encounter
of the third kind.
So this person had the encounter
with gray-like type figures.
>> Were there others present,
other extraterrestrial races
in these events?
>> Yeah, in his encounter, there
were three different types.
They had the big bug thing.
And then they had Grays.
And then there were these
other three that he described.
They were one male, one female--
very tall, white robes, long,
blond hair, and Nordic-looking.
And I said, well, God, were
they Vikings, you know?
Yeah, he said,
looked like Vikings.
I went, did they appear
to be in command?
He goes, yeah.
They were the ones
giving orders.
To who?
To the Grays.
Well, what were
the big bug things?
And he said, I think they
were guards, perimeters.
And I'm going, once again,
he's making logic sense again.
>> Yes, making sense.
>> And that's frustrating
because this boy is anything
but logical.
But the answers are
so logic-driven.
And I'm going, man, what
is going on with this kid?
And the next day,
changes started.
>> What kind of changes?
Were they physical?
>> His mother thought he
had turned on the radio.
And it was a piano playing.
So she goes, well, that
radio is really clear.
Well, she also played the piano.
So there was a
piano in the house.
So this boy never played piano.
Never.
Never had a lesson, nothing.
So she goes around the corner
and looks in the living room,
drops her dishes
that she's doing,
because that boy is
pounding on the piano.
He's-- is what she
thought was a radio.
He's playing all the masters--
Beethoven, Bach, Tchaikovsky.
>> Did she approach him and
say, what are you doing?
>> Yeah.
She goes, how are
you doing this?
>> I don't know.
I can just play.
So she's a pragmatic mom.
So she calls a piano teacher.
And the piano teacher comes
over and sits down with the boy.
And the boy is sitting there
with her on the piano bench.
And she starts playing
chopsticks, you know.
And he's looking at her.
And he said, well,
you do the first part.
And he said, it's kind of blasé.
And he starts playing
his chopsticks.
And he's pounding away at it.
And then she asked him,
can you do anything else?
He breaks into,
you know, Beethoven
and breaks into Mozart.
>> Oh, my.
>> And so she jumps up, and
she's mad as a wet hornet--
>> He's better than her.
>> --and goes back to
mother and tells her,
I don't have time for
this kind of crap.
He's a child prodigy.
Why didn't you tell me that?
Send him over to the
local university.
Let the professors look at him.
So they took him over
to the local university.
And the professor
of music's there.
And he sets him down on a piano.
And he watches
him start playing.
And the professor is amazed.
The boy is only, like, 13.
But he's pounding
out the masters,
the old masters of piano, till
that thing's about smoking.
And he said, have you ever
tried playing anything else?
And he said, well, never
had the opportunity.
So he reaches over and
hands him a clarinet.
He goes blowing on that thing.
He gives him a trumpet.
Man, can he play a trumpet.
He then gave him a flute.
And he plays it flawlessly.
Gave him a piccolo.
Plays it well.
Oboe, bassoon, French horn.
>> All the same musical styles?
>> Yeah.
Well, he would ask him, you
know, play some kind of tune
that we could recognize.
He ran him through
the whole orchestra.
And he, the professor,
then tells his mother,
I need to call
somebody in New York.
We need to send him
to some other school.
And I said, I mean, this
is absolutely phenomenal.
And then the boy just says,
I'm not going anywhere.
I don't even like playing.
And he just hates it.
And so he walks
out, and that's it.
So they go home with the boy.
And I knew the
family really well.
>> Were there any other
special things happening,
like did he speak
different languages?
>> No.
But there was the other
shoe to drop, and it did.
He picked up a pen,
and he started drawing.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And the kid never, you know,
couldn't draw more than a, you
know, a stick figure.
And he is, as fast as
the ink could flow,
he can outrun the
viscosity of the ink.
You know how an artist draws,
they draw, and they look at it,
think, draw some
more, and look at it.
No, man.
Not this kid.
He'd start and as fast and
furious, until he's completed.
In 20 minutes, he
would do a portrait
which it would rival
Norman Rockwell in detail.
Just brilliant.
And that was just an ink pen.
Well, it turned out his
mother got him more things.
So he tried chalk, and
oils, and paintings
in every kind of medium you
could think of in artistry.
He could do it all.
And like the music, he would,
as soon he's through drawing,
wads it up and throws
it in the trash can.
And he would-- with a hiss,
he would say, I hate drawing.
And I hate music.
So he just hates whatever
it is that he's gifted.
And he hated it.
And this started me thinking.
I started reflecting
back on him as a child,
later grows up to be
an adult. And he's gay.
I think we give these alien
encounters way too much credit.
You know, they're
omni-knowledged,
they're all knowing.
They drive a really
cool vehicle.
They cross vast
distances to get here.
They must be so smart.
I think that's all bullshit.
Because they got the
same problems we got.
>> That's right.
>> They have mistakes.
Things break down.
Murphy's Law up their yin yang.
All kinds of things.
Ship don't work.
You know, parts fail.
They got the same
problems we got.
And sometimes they just don't
know what they're doing.
I think because the boy
was gay, whatever they did,
they didn't know
what a gay human was.
And so everything
went negative on him.
He hated the talents
that he was given.
And it changed him
and his personality.
He was the easiest
going kid you ever met--
funny, easy to get
along with, cooperative.
Afterwards, he was mean,
just mean-spirited.
So was that a good encounter?
I don't think so.
And it started right
then and there.
But it didn't end there.
He would disappear for years,
wouldn't hear from him.
That was odd.
Didn't know if he
was alive or dead.
One time period, he
disappeared for eight years.
Come to find out he was
living with Betty Hill,
with Barney and Betty Hill.
>> Yes.
>> Lived with Betty.
But I got him to talk
to me from time to time.
And I asked, what in
God's name are you
doing up there with Betty Hill?
And he said, the same
aliens that he encountered,
she encountered.
And both of them,
her and him, they
were like a catch
and release program,
like you tagged a couple
fish and let them loose.
Well, at this particular
point, the salmons
are swimming together.
And then he invited his mother--
>> Oh, goodness.
>> --to come up and visit
Betty Hill and stay with them.
And then his mother
told me, Lord God, I
went up there to visit him.
They took me out to a place
called the Indian Head up
in New Hampshire.
And it's so isolated
there, they got signs
on the sign of the road
that says "Beware of Moose."
So I mean, there's not
too many people up there.
And they went out to
these railroad tracks.
And I went, why railroad tracks?
She said, Lord, have mercy.
I was standing there
and asking, you know,
her son, you know, what's
the railroad track?
Why are we here?
He said, turn around and look.
And she, the
mother, said, I did.
And she goes, Lord have mercy.
It's a huge spacecraft
or something
that looks like a spacecraft
she'd seen in movies.
It's not a disk.
It's more of a--
she said it looked more
like a "Star Wars" craft.
And it was totally silent.
And it was about
10 feet above them.
And it just drifted
right over them.
And when it got past
them, it stopped.
And she said these big legs
came out and clamped on
to the railroad rails.
And she said you could hear
the railroad rails, you know,
squeaking and hopping
under the load.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And the boy said,
there's a reason for that.
When these spacecrafts
come in, when
they shut their
engines completely off,
they are frigging
unbelievably heavy.
And I started thinking, wow.
Railroad tracks.
Railroad locomotive
weighs about 450 tons.
So that's really logical.
Makes sense.
So now he's got my attention.
And I said, what else?
He said, there's another set of
arms that came down and clamped
on the rails.
I said, what is that?
He said, you ever thought
about railroad rails?
Well, there's two of them,
and they go in a track.
He said, yeah, but they're
continuously connected.
I said, yeah, they
would be, or the train
would run off the rail.
He said, from Canada,
to North America,
to Mexico, to South
America, the railroad rails
are all connected together.
They don't know any difference
in boundaries and borders.
The rails are continuous.
And I said, yeah, so when
they clamp down on the rails,
they're clamping on millions
of miles of railroad.
>> It's its own
grid, the railway.
>> It's an antenna.
>> Yeah.
>> They clamp onto it and
use the entire hemisphere
as an antenna to send
messages back and forth.
And I said and thought
about that, I know this boy.
He can't even
change oil on a car.
And this stuff he's
saying is so technically
accurate, making
logic and sense.
And I'm going, man, what
is up with this dude?
So I'm taking all this in.
And I know the story of
Betty and Barney Hill.
And I got to talk to Betty.
And she was enjoying the company
of the boy and his mother.
And I asked her, I said, well,
y'all seem to get along really
well.
And she goes, well, there's
a good reason for that.
When they come to
collect her data--
oh, yeah.
Let's talk about
that for a minute.
How do they do that?
Well, they stick a probe
in the back of our necks.
And they said it's a
deep hole at first.
And I said, well, the
boy is a type 2 diabetic.
He's not going to
heal up from that.
And she goes, oh, yeah, he does.
In about 24 hours,
that big hole is gone,
and it's just a white,
flaky patch on it.
And then another 24 hours of
the white patch flakes off,
and there's not
even a scar left.
And I go, do they do the
same thing to you, Betty?
And he goes, yeah.
And I'm going, why
are you doing that?
She said, well, we're both
tagged by the same people.
And I'm going, holy smokes.
So what do you make
of all this stuff?
I'm standing there going,
I haven't got a clue.
I'm just trying to process
this all and take it in.
But I've been around people
that talk about UFOs and stuff.
And man, you all are coming out
with stuff I ain't never heard.
And yet it makes total sense.
>> Did he ever tell you anything
about Betty on the side that
she said that she
never came public with?
>> Other than-- do you remember
she wanted to take a book from
the spacecraft.
And the others said you can't
take anything, hard evidence.
That always bugged her.
And she also had the star
map that we know about,
all the different
planets and positions.
Well, it turns out I
was doing a project
over at Ohio State University.
And they had Betty's
star map in there.
And it was a wooden frame cage.
And there was an accident.
Somebody-- I forgot-- they
dropped something on it
and just smashed that
thing to oblivion.
And they didn't know what to do.
And they were all distraught.
I'm a modeler.
I said, dude, I can
build this again for you.
So I get out the wood
and get all the string,
get all the little balls out
with the planets, you know,
move them up and down the
strings, look at the star map,
line them up.
It's not rocket science.
It's more like putting a
square peg in a round hole.
So I get it all done.
And while I was doing it,
something struck me about that.
So I called an old friend
who I really sorely miss,
a guy named Carl Sagan.
And I asked him
about the star map.
And he said, yeah, I'm
familiar with that.
And I said, are you
familiar with they
can't find that constellation?
He goes, you know, he said, send
me a scanning of that thing.
We didn't have
scanners back then,
so I just took a
Polaroid picture,
put a black drop behind it.
Really got a good picture.
But I could map out
the stars really well.
And that's all Carl needed.
Just needed a two-dimensional
page with the stars
in position.
And I sent it to him.
When he comes back,
he finds the star map.
And I said, Carl, what do you
mean, you found the star map?
I just made it here
and sent it to you.
No.
We do random shots all
the time, all year long.
And he said, how many years
has it been since that thing?
And I said, good god.
20 some years at this time
since she first made that thing.
And he said, well, look
at the thing I sent you.
And I took the two star maps
and held them up to the light.
And they aligned.
It was like 300 different
planets, the moon,
and they all aligned.
I said, how is that possible?
He said, well, you
know we're traveling
100,000 miles an hour.
For every hour that passes
here, we have went 100,000 miles
through space.
So after about 25 years of
traveling at that speed,
we finally got into a position
where we saw the star field.
Well, Carl, that would
mean that 25 years ago,
when she saw that
star map, it had
to come from somebody that was
in that position over there,
which we don't have that
kind of travel thing.
He goes, yeah.
Carl said, ain't that a hoot.
I said, how do you explain that?
And he goes, I can't.
So there's another mystery.
But how did Betty Hill line
up all those star systems?
The odds of that
happening is just--
it's ridiculous to say, oh, it's
just by luck, or it was just,
you know, happenstance.
No, there's a lot of
credibility thing going on
with that Betty Hill case.
And of course,
Barney is not around.
He died from-- that's
something I learned from Betty.
Barney couldn't accept
that happened to him.
He referred to himself as a
rabbit hiding in the bush.
And that constant
fear and dread--
he had a cerebral
hemorrhage and died.
So that goes back to
my original opinion
that not all encounters
are really good.
You know, it killed Barney,
messed up this boy forever.
I think we give them way
too much credit that they
know everything, know
what they're doing.
No, they don't.
They're down here
experimenting, for one reason.
Why do you experiment?
'Cause you don't know stuff.
And then there's Calvin Parker.
>> Yeah, tell me
the story on that.
>> Well, they're deep
south people, OK?
And if you think I'm
deep south, man, you
haven't seen deep
south till you meet
somebody like Calvin Parker.
And Calvin is a really
wonderful person.
But you know, they're sitting
there going, golly, you know?
And they went fishing
down at the river.
And while they're fishing,
they hear a strange noise.
Here comes this
being, teleporting,
floating over to them.
There's a spacecraft sitting
behind them, saucer shape.
And they grabbed both of
them, and they take them in.
And Calvin has a downright pitch
fit battle, which, actually,
that makes total sense.
You grab a boy from the
backwoods like that,
and you're going to start
doing weird things to him,
he's going to come
at you if he can.
And he did.
And he actually got in
a fight with this alien,
and blood got splashed on him.
He got rid of his shirt.
Boy, if he had kept it, we
would have had DNA trace.
But he had a wild event,
because like Travis Walton,
they was shoving
stuff down his throat.
And it's choking him.
So he's going to react.
So I'm just not with
the crowd going,
oh, how wonderful
the Grays come here.
They're going to share,
and bond, and nurture.
And I sure in the
hell am not going--
>> You've seen so much negative.
>> I'm not going to hold hands
and sing kumbaya by the camp
fire with them things.
>> Are they monitored too
after this catch and release
for the rest of their lives
or a certain amount of period?
>> Apparently, Betty
Hill and this boy are.
Its lifetime.
And when we run
programs like that,
we normally run it the entire
life span of the animal.
And then the data would collect.
But at least our people,
when they get data,
they learn more about the
animal and work better with it.
Whereas I don't think these
things are learning too good.
>> Does this include humans?
>> Don't know.
But yeah, I would think so.
You know, I always thought, what
about the concept of pulling up
to somebody and go, hi.
Want to help me here and
work with some things?
I need to answer some questions.
Could use a few tissue samples.
Won't hurt you.
Let's work together.
Well, ain't that a humane
or a more correct approach
than just floating in the
room at night, zapping you,
do god knows what to you, and
then, what, erase your memory,
wipe your memory?
>> Is it possible some of these
people that get abducted get
upgrades to their bodies?
>> Now, that's an
interesting thought.
Now see, if they did something
like that, then that's logical.
Our scientists do it
to animals that we do.
As they learn more
from the animal,
they upgrade to get more data.
But I'm assuming when you
say upgrade, what, give us
more skills, stuff like that?
>> Yeah, in a positive
way, more upgrades.
>> Yeah, that's
probably possible.
It makes me think there's
more than one race doing this.
It could be 100 different
races coming here,
and they got all their
different agendas.
And some people, like Calvin
Parker, and Travis Walton,
and them, they run into groups
that aren't that nice about it.
But there are others
I've listened to,
and they've had nothing
but pleasant experiences.
So it could be--
sounds like to me,
different groups.
Or if it is the
same species, it's
different subgroups
inside that group.
>> Yeah, that makes
a lot of sense.
Are those programs in any way
connected to Betty and Barney?
>> As far as the catch
and release program?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Yeah, because they're still--
>> They're still being visited?
>> Last I heard, this has
been, oh, ongoing for, god,
almost 40 years now.
That's a long time.
But if they're going
to do a lifetime,
they'll go on up to 60,
70 years, till they die.
And whatever data they're
extruding from that, you know,
only they know what they're
going to do with it.
>> Is it possible when Travis
got too close to the craft
and was rendered unconscious, it
was because of electromagnetic
energy?
>> Who knows?
It could have been.
>> Did they take
him to save him,
or did they take him
to experiment on him?
>> If you listen to the
whole event with him,
it was kind of like
a one-way street.
He wasn't getting a lot
of answers on anything.
He was just having a lot
of stuff done to him.
>> I heard through the grapevine
that he was upset about that
movie that they made about
him because it was not that
vicious, he said.
>> Well, now, see, that
actually would make sense to me.
And it just muddies the waters.
Man, this is the
most muddy water
I've ever encountered
in my life.
>> It's such a
delicate subject too,
because there are those
abductees and people from these
programs of catch and release
that have many different views
on it as well.
So there's many different, I
think, ways to look at this.
And there is a smoke
screen, 100% either way,
however you're thinking.
Because I know from being in
the projects as well as you
do that they can replicate
anything, even me right here,
just using photons and
three-dimensional imagery,
and cast a shadow, and be
a little palpable, because
of the arrangement of
the atomic structure.
So I can't even justify that
I'm really talking to you right
now, David.
>> Yeah.
Doesn't that make
you feel comfortable?
>> And this is
what makes you go--
this is what people like
us understand out there.
It's like, what is
real, and what is not?
And how can I answer
something even scientifically
when I can also debunk myself?
>> Well, that's just it.
And God knows, I got more skills
than somebody should have.
And I'm capable of dealing
with a lot of stuff.
I've got an intellect that
serves me pretty well.
The average person
out there that
has no experience with all this
stuff and they encounter it,
God knows what
that does to them.
And then they run
off and leave them.
The poor things are sitting
there, did this even happen?
Am I going crazy?
>> And plus, we're so creative
with our minds and the way
we've been programmed with
Hollywood and the media that we
would think, even if
one were to touch us,
how dare you even touch me?
>> Exactly.
>> And here, you're not
allowed to touch anyone.
>> There's agendas running left
and right from all different
directions, from
different groups.
Of course, all of you know
Carl Sagan built Voyager.
And he alone is responsible
for the creation
of the whole project.
And it got done, which
was a miracle in itself.
I don't know how he
ever pulled it off.
But we put these
platters out there
that you can lift a
stylus and put it on.
And it's a record
that plays back.
And you should hear the
stuff on this record.
But these things have went--
there's four of them.
There's two Voyagers.
>> These are not your
normal vinyl records.
Maybe we should tell them that
this is the hardest substance
on the planet that we have.
>> Yeah, I helped coat the
records with a substance called
beryllium.
And it will keep.
Out in space, it works really
well as a preservative.
So four and a half
billion years later,
if an alien race
encounters Voyager,
it'll be able to
lift up the stylus,
put it on, and listen to
what the record has to say.
>> It comes with
its own jukebox.
>> It really does.
But this is where
the argument started.
Carl also put the
pulsar next to us
that's spread throughout
the entire galaxy, not just
the solar system.
Then he puts a map
of the solar system,
third planet from the sun,
and with an arrow pointing
to the spacecraft.
And then there's a
picture of a naked man
and woman he had drawn.
So they're the ones
who built the craft.
And now-- and on
that record, there's
every known language on the
planet that's saying hello.
So now they've got languages
of all our planets.
And I went, God almighty, Carl.
Think about this for a minute.
You didn't send one, you sent
four notes in the bottles
out in a different
direction of the compass.
>> We're over here.
>> Yeah.
>> Come get us.
>> Here I am.
Here's the map.
Here's home.
This is what we look like.
We have pictures of us.
And we've got this
recording of our music,
our culture, our languages.
So if you are an invading
army, what a treasure trove
of information you've just been
given to infiltrate and get us.
And boy, Carl and
I, we go at it.
God almighty.
More than once, I got
a book thrown at me.
>> And he gave you
that tie, didn't he?
>> Yeah.
Carl, yeah, got me this.
>> It's a beautiful tie.
If you guys can see
this, it's the moon.
>> Yeah.
And notice the craters are red.
>> Yes, I've noticed that.
>> That Carl said, this
tie is especially for you.
Why is that, Carl?
The craters are red.
Well, what's that mean?
Like you, you've always got
this volcano going on in you.
And I said, well, thanks, Carl.
But he asked, well,
when would we be ready?
I said, how about when we've
got a planetary defense
system, where we got
anti-matter weapons, where you
can blow an entire fleet away?
Something to protect ourselves.
Not that we're going to
use an offensive weapon.
They come in to visit, fine.
But don't mess with us, 'cause
we can do something about it.
>> Did he ever have any
experiences, Carl Sagan,
that you're aware of,
that he shared with you?
>> None that I'm aware of.
Boy, he sure wanted to.
If anybody should have
represented us as an ambassador
to an alien race, it should
have been Carl Sagan.
Boy had an ego.
But he really had a good
personality and intellect
to match it.
>> Right.
Speaking of boys, whatever
happened to that boy?
>> He's disappeared.
I haven't seen or heard from
him or anything about him.
>> The family
doesn't know either?
>> Nothing.
>> For 10 years, he's gone.
I would like to think they
came and got him, and took him,
and maybe correct some of
the problems they caused.
They owe him a new life,
is what they owe him.
But he's disappeared.
>> Wow.
Fascinating stuff, David.
Well, I want to thank you
for being on the show.
And to everyone out
there, stay tuned.
I'll see you on the next show.
[MUSIC PLAYING]